[narrator]
In the last episode...
Upon learning that
he would not face Tsubasa
in a one-on-one match,
Shun Nitta from
the Otomo team
decides to use
his incredible agility
to try his Falcon Shot
without letting the ball
touch the ground
when he got Urabe's pass,
but he failed every time,
until...
My turn.
This is the "Non-Trap
Running Volley Falcon Shot."
[narrator] He finally scored
a goal against Nankatsu,
but Tsubasa remained
cool-headed
and responded in kind.
[yell]
[narrator] Now Nankatsu is
in the lead by one goal!
Can Team Otomo
recover in time?
[announcer] The match score
so far is 2 against 1
in favor of
Team Nankatsu.
If Team Otomo gets to
score one more goal,
it would be
a set sentence!
Otomo tried to
pressured Team Nankatsu
with Nitta's goal,
but Tsubasa managed
to keep the advantage,
scoring another goal
for Nankatsu.
Now Team Otomo
is in trouble again.
Will they recover in time
and catch up to Nankatsu?
Only time will tell!
[growl]
Now Nankatsu is
showing its true colors!
It doesn't matter!
I just have to score
like last time!
I won't let them make
a fool of me!
-[narrator] Episode 32:
-[cheering]
Overthrow Tsubasa!
Hyuga vs. Misugi.
[announcer]
And we're still here
for the second half
of the elimination phase!
- Hajime Taki's got the ball!
-[growl]
[gasp]
[announcer]
But Hanji Urabe
- recovers it!
-[panting]
And he's taking it
- to the number 9!
-Shun!
Will he be able to
land his shot again?
[announcer]
And there goes Nitta
- running full speed!
-I got it!
[grunt]
[announcer] And Izawa
blocks the pass mid-air!
What an incredible
bounce!
What the--?!
[grunting]
Now that Shun
improved his shot,
everyone's gotten more
careful and aggressive.
[Katagiri]
In the second half,
Nankatsu has gotten serious
and is no longer vulnerable
to Team Otomo's speed.
-[gasp]
-It's yours, Shun!
Go get it, Shingo!
You got it!
[grunt]
[announcer] Takasugi
blocks the pass!
[Shun]
No!
If I had gotten that pass,
I would've tied the match!
[announcer] Team Otomo
can't fight back
and the clock is ticking!
[gasp]
[announcer]
Nishio recovers the ball!
[grunt]
Here, Shun!
[announcer] Nishio sends
the ball to Nitta!
I got it!
[whistle]
[gasp]
[announcer] But the referee
signals an offside!
What was that?
[announcer]
Incredible!
The captain of
Team Nankatsu
predicted the pass
to Nitta
and gave the signal
to set up a trap for them!
Damn it!
We won't be able to
score like this, you guys!
[announcer] There's five minutes
left on the clock
and Nankatsu is aiming
for the offense!
[Takeshi]
It won't be so easy!
We believe in Shun to score
and tie the match!
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[announcer] And Kishida goes
straight against Kisugi!
-I got it!
-No!
[announcer] But Ishizaki
recovers the ball
and heads full speed
on the left side!
Here it goes!
[announcer] Ishizaki
centers the ball,
but it goes over
and away!
This can't be possible!
The pass was heading
towards Tsubasa!
Isamu!
No matter what happens,
don't let the ball go in!
No!
[announcer]
Tsubasa gets the ball,
- and prepares and strikes!
-[grunt]
-[yell]
-[announcer]
But the ball
is not heading
towards the goal!
Here I go!
[yell]
[announcer] And Taki scores
with an amazing header!
- Goal for Team Nankatsu!
-[cheering]
Great shot, Hajime!
[announcer]
And that's the third goal
- for Team Nankatsu!
-Yeah!
3 to 1!
Now the Nankatsu takes
the lead by two goals!
Woo-hoo!
-Damn it!
-[growling]
I didn't think he would
go for a pass to Hajime.
[announcer] And now, we're
going into the extra time
for this match,
ladies and gentlemen!
[Shun] I thought that he was
the only one that scored,
but I was wrong!
He lets the others score
by themselves!
He's so full of himself!
Tsubasa,
I won't lose to you!
[whistle]
[announcer] And Team Otomo
starts with the kick off!
[Hajime] I have to give
the ball to Nitta,
no matter what!
[grunt]
No matter what!
Hanji!
This is it!
This'll be my last pass!
[whistle]
[announcer]
Ladies and gentlemen,
- the referee has signaled
-We won! We won!
- the end of the match!
-We won!
- Nankatsu wins!
-Yeah! We won!
[growl]
Damn it!
No!
[falcon screech]
[gasp]
-[gasp] Shun!
[groan]
[announcer] Nitta manages
to strike a direct shot,
but it's too late.
[grunt]
[announcer] And Nankatsu
Middle School
is the regional champion!
And now,
they will once again
represent Shizuoka
-[cheering]
in the National Tournament!
That's great!
We made it to
the National Tournament!
[announcer] Even though
Team Otomo played
with great determination,
they were no match for
the strength and skill
of Team Nankatsu!
The Otomo
depended completely
on Nitta to score,
but the Nankatsu had
a whole team.
I know.
Yes, now we'll have
the chance to go against
the Nankatsu once more!
[phone buzzing]
Hmm...
[chuckle]
Now I understand why
the Nankatsu
has remained undefeated
all this time.
[laughing]
Yeah!
We're sorry, Shun.
Huh?
We couldn't figure out a way
to get you the ball in time.
It's our fault.
I'm sorry.
[grunt]
You don't have to apologize,
Captain.
It was me who failed.
I'm the one who couldn't
beat Tsubasa.
-Great work, guys!
-We won! We won!
Yeah!
[cheering]
From now on, our rival
to defeat will be Tsubasa.
And we will face him again.
Hello, Tsubasa,
I like to congratulate you
on making it once again
to the National tournament!
Thank you very much.
Now that
the national tournament
is about to begin,
is there a particular rival
you wish to play against?
A rival I would like to
play against?
Well, actually,
there is one
I would like to
play against, yes.
His name is Taro Misaki.
-Huh? Taro?
Taro Misaki?!
[gasp]
What?!
Are you talking about
the player...
with whom you made
the famous golden duo
during the first
national tournament?
Yeah, that's right.
[Reporter]
I really don't want to
disappoint you, Tsubasa,
but I heard he left soccer
after a very serious injury
on his foot.
And no one has seen him
in any tournament
ever since.
He would never leave soccer.
That's not like him.
I'm sure he's still playing,
and I will play against him.
Someday.
Idiot!
You think I'm no longer
a rival on the field, huh?!
I'll make you eat
those damn words!
Believe me, you will face
the new claws of the tiger!
Listen up!
Tomorrow, we must defeat
the Musashi
to represent Tokyo
on the national tournament!
-Yes, Captain!
[announcer] The representative
for Shizuoka
is team Nankatsu!
-[cheering]
-Tsubasa!
Tsubasa!
Hey, Ryo...
It looks like you won,
so I'll keep my word.
What do you want me to do?
Huh?
Don't worry about that,
my friend.
You don't have to
do anything. Just leave it.
-It was a promise
-Huh?
between men!
I have to fulfill it!
In that case,
I order you to support us
on the national tournament.
That should do it.
What?
You really don't want
anything else?
Just that.
Then you'll have Otomo's
-full support!
-Huh?
-And you better not lose,
-you hear me?!
-[chuckle]
Remember,
you're representing
all of Shizuoka over here!
Yeah, we got it.
[Katagiri]
Congratulations
on your wonderful job,
Mr. Mikami.
Thank you, Mr. Katagiri.
Here's the document.
I know it's sudden, but...
Don't worry about that.
I'm used to hard work,
you know.
[Katagiri] Mr. Mikami,
I would like you
to represent all of Japan's
junior high teams
from now on.
[Mr. Mikami] That would be
a very big job.
By the way,
I was meaning to ask you,
how's Genzo doing?
He's grown a lot.
He's had to proof himself
to his team in Germany.
And he's given them
great results so far.
I trained him well enough
for him to be on his own
for now.
I see that Tsubasa
has grown as well.
Yes, he has.
In fact, it's been hard
to find a rival
that fits into his category.
I worry that without
a strong rival,
he may slow down.
That's why I try my best
to help him.
-Because this summer,
-[narrator]
Prefecture of
-will be his last
-
Hokkaido...
-summer in Japan.
[panting]
[announcer] And here comes
the Furano captain!
[grunt]
Let's go, team.
We can manage a few more
goals before it's over!
Yes, Captain!
[announcer] And team Furano
goes into the offense!
It looks like they want
to broaden the difference!
Make that shot now,
Yamamuro!
-[grunt]
-[whistle]
[announcer]
And Team Furano wins
with a devastating score
of 7 - nil!
[cheering]
[announcer]
And so Team Furano
will be the ones going to
the National tournament
representing
the Hokkaido Prefecture!
Here we go, Tsubasa!
So get ready!
[narrator]
Akita Prefecture...
[announcer] We're on the finals
of the Akita prefecture
and the Tachibana
brothers are at full speed!
No!
Here they come again!
[grunts]
[announcer] Team Hanawa is
dominating the ball
almost entirely!
Giving the rival team
no chance
of even touching
the ball!
Kazuo, let's score
another goal!
You said it, brother!
[grunt]
[announcer]
Goal!
Hanawa wins 5-nil!
Did you see it?!
This year, team Hanawa will
win the national tournament!
[narrator]
Osaka Prefecture...
[announcer] And we're in the ext
time for this match,
and both teams are
equally strong!
Neither team has been
able to score
one goal so far!
[Taichi]
Please, just one goal.
Just one!
[announcer]
But Azumaichi's defense
manages to get
the ball back!
[Makoto]
We're the ones going to
the national tournament!
Uhh...
Get ready, Nakanishi!
Let's see if you can catch
my Razor Shot!
[announcer] And Soda makes
a long distance shot
directly to
the goalkeeper!
That shot is easy!
What?!
-Yeah! We did it, Azumaichi!
-[whistle]
-[gasp]
-[announcer]
And time is up!
The Naniwa loses
against the Azumaichi,
who will be making
their debut
on the national
tournament!
Impossible!
-[narrator] Tokyo.
-[cheering]
[announcer] And the crowd is
giving it their all today!
After his recovery,
he's back on the field
and ready to play again.
The prince of the pitch,
Jun Misugi!
[narrator] We'll be back
with more Captain Tsubasa!
[narrator]
And we're back!
[announcer]
Since the tournament
two years ago,
the Prince had to retire
from soccer
to recover from
his heart condition.
And finally,
after all this time,
we're going to see him
play on the field once more!
[Jun]
After all this time,
I will play again.
[announcer]
Per doctor's orders,
the crystal star
won't be able to play
a whole match,
and he'll only get to
play 30 minutes.
But despite
his limitation,
the Musashi team has
managed to outstand
with its great teamwork
and its captain's
leadership.
I know that not being able
to play for two years
must have been difficult
for him.
[narrator]
One month ago...
[doctor]
I think you're ready.
Um, uh...
[reac]
Doctor, are you sure?
I...I can play again?
Really ?
Even if it's not for long?
Your discipline with
your treatment
has yielded great results.
You'll get to play again.
I'm so happy!
Thank you, doctor!
Congratulations!
Really, Captain!
Yayoi!
I want to thank you
with all my heart
for being with me
through all of this
during the past two years.
-[gasp]
-My recovery
is also thanks to you!
[gasp]
Sorry!
Uhh...
No, it's okay.
[chuckle]
Ah, to be young...
You can do it.
Go for it!
[narrator] Team Toho's
locker room.
[Kitazume]
Your strategy is simple.
Musashi will play on
the defensive the first half
and letting Misugi join
on the second half.
So the victory
will depend entirely
on what you do
in the first half.
You must give it your all,
is that clear?
-Yes!
[Hiroshi]
I was really looking forward
to seeing this match.
The Nankatsu is not
our only rival.
I know.
-[sipping]
-[announcer]
The players are
entering the field!
[cheering]
Hmm...
[announcer] The Toho Academy
joins once more
the tournament with
Kojiro Hyuga as the captain,
and the team's striker!
And from
the Musashi Middle School,
Prince Misugi will be
the one leading the team
waiting for the second
half to join the match,
considering
his safety first.
-[Shingo] I'm open!
-[Yukari] I'm not sure,
-Pass it to me!
-Sanae.
I mean, are you sure
it's okay
-if we do this?
-[Hajime] Keep running!
-Yeah.
-[Teppei] More energy.
-Great pass!
-[Shingo] Good job.
-[whistle]
-[Mamoru] I'll go
get the ball.
-[Ryo] Throw it in.
-[Furuoya] Okay,
take a break, you guys!
But we're not even
tired at all!
You gotta rest.
Remember that tomorrow
is the big day
and I want you to be ready.
-Yes, sir!
-Yeah!
I'm so excited!
I can't wait to win
the tri-tournament!
Huh?
Uhh...
It looks like Tsubasa
is not interested
in taking a break.
Hey, Tsubasa!
We need to take a break,
so we can get rest
for Tokyo tomorrow!
I'm almost done!
[grunt]
[pants]
It's not enough.
[Tsubasa] In order to win,
I must learn a new shot.
Just as Roberto taught me
through his book.
A shot with drive.
I must lean my body down
when I shoot,
so I can give the ball
a drive when it falls.
The goalkeepers
can't do anything
against this shot.
It looks like it will
go over the post,
but it makes a curve
and goes down
at the last second.
[chuckle]
Roberto, this is
a tough shot.
I must kick the ball
from below
instead from the sides,
so it can get the drive
I want it to take.
If Roberto were here,
it would be easier
to learn how he does it.
But now,
that's not possible.
Roberto, I promise you.
Next year,
I will go to Brazil.
Uhh...
-[laughs]
-Come on,
we won't just let him keep
all the glory to himself,
you guys.
All right!
Let's keep training!
-Yeah!
-[Ryo] Wait, Tsubasa!
[Hajime]
We're coming!
[Yayoi]
Hello, Sanae.
How's your relationship
with Tsubasa going?
Are there any news?
Captain Misugi and I are
getting closer every day.
[sighs]
[Sanae]
Dear Yayoi...
I'm sorry to let you down,
but for the moment,
Tsubasa is focused on
something else.
[pants]
Here!
[Tsubasa] Toho is playing
against the Musashi.
That's Kojiro Hyuga
against Jun Misugi.
If I want to be
the champion,
I'll have to
defeat them all!
[cheering]
[announcer] And here comes
Sawada from Toho Academy,
making way
at great speed!
[pant] You've improved
a lot, Takeshi!
[grunt]
[yell]
[announcer]
Goal!
Toho Academy manages
to score three goals
in the first half!
We didn't expect less from
Hyuga The Tiger
and company,
who have demonstrated
great strength and prowess!
Unfortunately,
Team Musashi's defense
has not been able to
fight back against
Toho's great offense!
Listen to me, Coach.
I will enter the field.
But Jun, it's not
the second half yet.
If they score another goal,
we won't have time
to recover!
I know that it's only
30 minutes,
but please, let me do it!
-[cheering]
-Yeah!
[announcer] Team Musashi
is making a switch!
[gasps]
[cheering]
[announcer] Prince Misugi
will be playing
what's left of
the first half.
I'm sure he'll try to
tie that three goals score!
[Kojiro]
It's useless, Jun.
Even if you play,
you won't catch up
to our team.
I'm really sorry, Captain.
We couldn't do any better.
It's not the time to lower
your head, Shinji!
We still have 40 minutes
to recover in this game.
And we just need to score
one goal every ten minutes.
Listen to me, guys!
This time, we'll show Toho
the true strength
of Team Musashi!
-Yes, captain!
[announcer]
With Prince Misugi's
presence on the field,
this match will be
completely different!
[whistle]
[announcer] Now, Team Musashi
starts the kick off!
And goes on the offense
headed by Jun Misugi!
Will they catch up
to Toho?!
Come, Jun!
I was waiting for this!
[grunt]
[gasp]
What're you doing?!
-Do it now, Takeshi!
-[gasp]
[reac]
-Here I go!
-[gasp]
It's mine!
-There's no way!
[announcer] Misugi avoids
getting the ball stolen
with an amazing jump!
[grunt]
Ten minutes!
Let's go for our first goal!
-Yeah!
[announcer] And here comes
Team Musashi
running at full speed!
What sort of move
are they going to try?!
Come on, guys.
Mark them all, quickly!
[announcer]
Toho's defense
runs to mark
the rivaling team!
Now the Musashi
must face Toho's goalkeeper,
Ken Wakashimazu!
How exciting!
[Jun]
You won't stop me!
After two years
in rehabilitation,
all I want is to get to
play against Tsubasa!
Play against him
in the Nationals,
and this time,
I won't lose!
No, it can't be!
[announcer]
This is incredible!
Prince Misugi cuts
through Toho's defense
and is headed to
the goal post!
[grunt]
No matter what you do,
it's useless!
[grunt]
[announcer]
The ball goes in deep!
The Prince scores
two minutes in
after his entrance!
- What an amazing feat!
-He did it!
He just managed to
reduce Toho's advantage!
We got the first one!
Let's get the next one!
-Yes!
Misugi!
You'll pay for that!
It's the first time Misugi
attacks directly.
He used to only
assist before.
Maybe it could be because
he was on rehabilitation,
sir.
[Kitazume] It looks like
his heart condition
was the thing stopping him
all of these years.
And now, he's showing
his true talent.
He is a threat to us.
We must stop him
from scoring again.
Sawada, I want you to play
just on the defense.
Kojiro will be the only one
on the front.
I got it.
Misugi, you'll pay for this!
The only one who gets to
score is me!
[announcer]
And Toho initiates
- with the kick off!
-[whistle]
Get ready to face
The Tiger, prince!
Kojiro gets his strength
through his anger.
If that's the case...
-Ambush!
-What the--?!
No matter how many
try to mark me,
you will never stop me!
Now, guys!
[grunts]
[announcer] Misugi steals
the ball from Hyuga
- with a slide!
-[grunt]
[groan]
Kojiro, if you keep playing
all by yourself,
you'll never be able to
lead your team to victory!
You bastard!
[announcer] Team Musashi
makes way
through an amazing wall,
and the Toho is
fighting to keep up!
[Mr. Kira]
Toho was playing perfectly
until they got scored.
Their confidence
is taking a hit,
and they are out of focus.
-[pant] Honma!
-[gasp]
[announcer] Sawada blocks
the pass and has the ball!
Great, Takeshi!
-Give it to me!
-[grunts]
[grunt]
[announcer] But Prince Misugi
rushes in
and recovers the ball!
Sawada is trying
to stop him!
[growling]
[gasp]
[announcer] Look closely
to this play!
Misugi creates a wall
and he's getting ready
to strike!
Look closely, everyone!
Here's comes the second!
[grunt]
You won't make fun of me
again, Misugi!
[announcer] Right into
the goalkeeper's hands!
Wakashimazu beautifully
catches the ball!
What?!
[grunt]
[Jun]
Wakashimazu is amazing!
His agility is unbelievable.
I won't be able to score
from far like this.
[whistle]
[announcer] And the first half
is over!
- Now with Prince Misugi,
-[sigh of relief]
Team Musashi has a chance
to turn around the match!
Will they manage
to recover in time?!
[Kojiro] Don't get
so confident, Misugi.
We have the advantage.
I'll be the one to face
Tsubasa.
Only I!
[Jun] You're wrong, Hyuga.
Only I will face Tsubasa!